hey bu and business family my name is
Isabella I am the owner of 2 six figure
earning online businesses and today I'm
going to be talking about a new way that
I am making
$30,000 a month and literally all I'm
doing to actually make this money is I'm
just repurposing my Tik Tok videos to
Facebook because of Tik Tok being such a
competitive social media platform
Facebook and Instagram has been paying
out bonuses just to create content on
their platforms since
Tik Tok has been taking so many of their
monthly users they're trying to entice
people to stay on by offering them money
in order to create content this side
hustle SL way to make money online is
something that I'm actually trying to
get my mom into right now because I want
my mom to quit her job and this is the
way that I'm hopefully going to do that
for her and I thought why not share this
with you guys as well you guys are my
YouTube family and I think of you guys
and I teach you guys like I teach my own
family and help my own family out so I'm
really excited to get into this video
today and hopefully some of you guys can
make money from this as well before we
get started and before I tell you guys
how you guys can set this up and do this
make sure you guys like this video for
the YouTube algorithm and hit that
subscribe button so I can continue to
make videos like this by helping you
guys make more money online so if you've
been thinking about taking social media
more seriously or getting into video
content Creation with Tik Tok this is
your sign so if you guys are new to my
YouTube Channel I actually have a Tik
Tok account for my dog all I'm doing is
I'm taking her videos that we made for
Tik Tok I'm saving them which you can
easily save Tik toks without a watermark
I'll show you guys a hack right now on
how to do that so all I'm doing is I'm
saving the Tik toks that I have made for
her that I posted on Tik Tok saving
those Tik toks and posting them as a
real to her Facebook page now in order
to make money and to get this bonus on
Facebook you do have to have a Facebook
page
I don't think they're offering it to
personal profiles I could be wrong
because this is so new and that's why a
lot of people haven't even started
talking about this yet but I do believe
you do have to have a page so if you
haven't already set up a Facebook page
for your own personal brand or for your
business or for whatever you're creating
videos about make sure you guys do that
right now and you can do this right from
your phone so go to your Facebook app
and you'll be on your personal Facebook
account just click on menu after menu
you'll see this option for Pages click
on
pages then you'll see that you can
create a page right here with this plus
button right here in the upper Le hand
corner click that and then from here you
can get started and create a page this
is how you're going to actually create
like a Facebook page it they do think
you're a business usually at first but
this is how you can just get started and
create a page and I have heard from
other sources that Facebook is offering
this bonus to all different followings
so even if you have you know 100
followers if you have 500 followers 1
th000 followers you can still get this
bonus so it's worth a shot this type of
money for some of you guys can be
lifechanging um so just to show you guys
you know what we've made from this so
far and like kind of this backstory to
this crazy situation um so I was on the
it's called business. face.com that's
what I was looking on I was just
checking out the features and I scrolled
down on my dog's um page cuz I was
clicked over to my dog's page at this
point like I'm checking her analytics
I'm checking all her things in this
business Creator Studio suite for
Facebook so on this Creator studio if
you scroll down click on bonus and you
will see if you're legible for bonuses
in this section now if you're not
elegible yet it will tell you and a lot
of times it will tell you why you're not
eligible I obviously think that if you
do have more of a following or you have
or you're building a following that
you're more likely to get this bonus
especially if you are somebody that is
actively posting reals um I personally
don't use hashtag on my dog videos on
her reals but one thing that I do want
to tell you guys one thing that I am
doing is and how I grew her Facebook
page is all I was doing was I was just
sharing her posts to like groups so like
there's a lot of husky groups across
Facebook so I was sharing her husky
videos to husky groups and that's
actually how I grew her Facebook page so
like I didn't like even really try to
funnel my Tik Tok following to her
Facebook page I kind of just grew her
Facebook page in its own kind of way and
they have Facebook pages like this for
all different niches so if you're
picking a niche check and see what kind
of pages they have for you and you might
be able to find one that applies to you
and this is how you can grow your
Facebook page so attentively check this
Creator Studio to see if the bonus is
there because that's where I first saw
it so when I first started this Facebook
page at the end of 2021 I think it was
more like mid of 2021 I only had like
10,000 followers when they offered me
this bonus so like I wasn't like this
big page that we have today definitely
wasn't like that um so if you go over to
your home once you make your page I'll
show you guys how to actually start
posting reals so just click on home and
then you'll see on this button it's
actually the reals option is right there
so you'll click on real and then you can
upload the Tik Tok that you already have
made click next and then you'll Click
Share and of course writing the
description obviously helps as well with
the keywording and things like that
Instagram like my sister actually
already made $300 in one week you know
she's only 18 so her making $300
randomly was like really awesome she
made $300 just by posting Instagram
videos on her Instagram on reals so
that's been really awesome for her too
so this is another thing like you know
repurposing your Tik toks but I feel
like it all starts with Tik Tok so focus
on video content creation I teach it on
my YouTube channel I show you guys how I
make Tik toks on my YouTube channel now
I'm going to show you guys how to remove
the Tik Tok Watermark so when you're on
Tik Tok and you want to save something
you're going to go to to what you want
to save you're going to hold it down
click save video you're going to hurry
up before it start stop saving you're
going to go right back into
it wait for it to finish saveing you can
see it's at 32%
now and then it's saved and the video is
saved it will automatically be saved
without the video Watermark see there we
go it was saved without the video
Watermark it's literally that easy so
you just have to exit out of the app as
it's saving and that's the quickest hack
that I have for you guys to save Tik
toks without watermarks make sure you
guys when you guys are repurposing your
Tik toks to reals on Instagram or reals
on Facebook make sure that you guys are
um you know posting it without Tik Tok
watermarks because they don't like it
when you include Tik Tok watermarks and
I wouldn't want you guys to not you know
get this bonus because of that um so
that's one thing to definitely think
about also if you guys can't do that
trick or it's not working for you you
guys can just search on Google um save
Tik Tok without Watermark and there's a
bunch of free websites you just put the
Tik Tok Link in in and it saves the
video like that this is really just what
I mean that if you just go for it and
you just really you know dive into
social media don't be embarrassed to
post things don't be embarrassed to try
new things just just do it just try it
you know even if you're unsure exactly
what needs to do just pick something
that you feel as though will grab
attention that can get views and just
post even if it's something in your life
that you know you don't think is that
that interesting other people might
think it's very interesting and you
don't always have to show your your face
as you can see you know these are videos
of my dog you don't have to always show
your face social media does not equal
showing your face if you guys are
unfamiliar my business bodyful I grew
that one as well to a sixf figure
earning business without showing my face
and I basically just showed my hands and
when I didn't want to show my hands I
put gloves on so it's like you can
create viral video content without
showing your face and even with Facebook
you can create and then recycle whatever
videos you're making on Tik Tok to
Instagram and Facebook and you're now
able to profit from that as well if you
guys have any questions in regards to
this make sure you guys just leave a
comment down below I'm happy to answer
you guys' questions if you haven't
already go check out my channel for more
ways to make money online I have so many
different methods bye
[Music]
everyone on our
side I don't want to waste what's left